I'm gonna slow things down a bit
where was the love my horoscope promised
I had looked under my mattress where I
keep things hidden there was no love for
me in the corridors of power I found no
love in the bar just songs about love
and bourbon
lots of bourbon there was no love in
volunteer work in just being myself I
found no love in bank lineups in the
sports section of my daily newspaper I
found no love in the Canadian Prairies
just farmers farmers with their own
problems and used farm equipment I did
not find love on the phone just a
network of the unloved with something
called call awaiting I did not find love
at Eaton Centre just bargain hunters
bargain hunting I found no love at the
karaoke club I think see I couldn't make
it inside no one needs love quite that
badly
there was no love in the VIP room of the
big Bock
just me and a bowl of peanuts and Bryan
Adams I talked to the bowl of peanuts
all night if you know what I mean would
you believe I actually looked for love
in the health food store there I only
found women buying steroids disguised as
seek help
there was no love for me in the daycare
industry just hard women dressed in pink
I found no love at the antique market
just hopeless couples muttering about
the family unit the family unit the
family shut up I found no love and
burning the bottom of my feet with
cigarillos just a certain amount of
artistic satisfaction I found no love
and the hollowed-out belly of a dead elk
just warmth and quiet but then the
questions hey why are you in the
hollowed-out belly of a dead elk are you
in there because of love and always you
know if you're homeless man you cannot
sleep there there is no love in writing
about love only a deadline
[Applause]